doc: relnotes: Zephyr release notes for NCS 1.4.0 (#3233)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: The latest Zephyr commit appears in multiple places; make sure you update them all.

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``7a3b253ced``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

For a complete list of upstream Zephyr commits incorporated into |NCS| since the most recent release, run the following command from the :file:`ncs/zephyr` repository (after running ``west update``):

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline 7a3b253ced ^v2.3.0-rc1-ncs1

For a complete list of |NCS| specific commits, run:

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline manifest-rev ^7a3b253ced

> Changes inherited from upstream Zephyr:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Delete this line - not needed.

> Since |NCS| v1.3.0 is based on Zephyr v2.3.0-rc1, and |NCS| v1.4.0 is based on Zephyr 2.4.0, we recommend referring to  Zephyr's 2.4.0 release notes directly: :ref:`zephyr:zephyr_2.4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current |NCS| release is based on Zephyr 2.4.0.
See the :ref:`Zephyr 2.4.0 release notes <zephyr:zephyr_2.4>` for a list of changes.
```
